<<<<<<< HEAD
# This is one part of a massive project called "data-microservice".
## This part of "data_generator_microservice" performs the function of generating data for other microservices using Apache Kafka.

Data generated by a microservice can be directly related to information about the work of any factory,
which using Apache Kafka communicates between microservices and sends data about the state of its work.

This microservice generates data an send that to "data-analyser-microservice" which analyse incoming data, saves the data to the database and redirects it to the "data-store-microservice", where the processed information is stored and the statistics are derived from it.

This part of the microservice is linked to the other parts of the microservice "data-analyser-microservice"
and "data-store-microservice", the details of which are detailed in their repositories with the same names.

Full list of technologies used for the microservice "data_generator_microservice" : 
 - Java 17 
 - Spring 3.2.2 
 - Jedis 5.1.0 
 - MapStruct 1.5.5Final 
 - MapStruct Processor 1.5.5Final 
 - Spring Kafka 3.1.1
 - JUnit5 5.0.0 ALPHA
 - Mockito 5.9.0
 - Jcabi 0.29.0
=======
This is one part of a massive projet called "data-microservice".
This part of "data_generator_microservice" performs the function of generating data for other microservices using Apache Kafka. 

Data generated by a microservice can be directly related to information about the work of any factory,
which using Apache Kafka communicates between microservices and sends data about the state of its work.  

This part of the microservice is linked to the other parts of the microservice "data-analyser-microservice" and "data-store-microservice",
the details of which are detailed in their repositories with the same names.

Full list of technologies used for the microservice "data_generator_microservice" :
Java 17 
Spring 3.2.2
Jedis 5.1.0
MapStruckt 1.5.5Final
MapStruckt Processor 1.5.5Final
Spring Kafka 3.1.1
>>>>>>> origin/master
